Hi, so first of all good job on the stuff you're doing. I think the system still works. The system presents the slides, we have the images. It looks like we lost a little bit of relevance on the slides, so I think we really need to focus on the relevance. And I think the problem is the transcript data that is coming is a bit messy and it's too short of a context to be relevant, right? So the way we can solve this to be more relevant, okay, is basically to...I guess work for the relevance a little bit, right? So what we're going to do is that we're going to tell the AI in the prompt, okay, this was the previous slide that we did. So the previous three lines, and then I need you to make the next slide, right? Because we want to like, we want to overlap it. And also we're doing like three lines right now. I think I want to do like five lines by default. Five lines of text by default so that whatever I'm saying I'm gonna say five full things and then I want to see some images about that basically because I think that that's gonna give us more quality context it's gonna be more sensible context And I think it's important that we provide the last five lines and then the next five lines. And I think it's important that there is one line of overlap between the last line and the next line, right? So that the last four lines is going to be the last five lines. Then the next five lines, I want one line overlap. I want the overlap parameter to be configurable. But essentially the idea is that we want to try to keep a more cohesive, or I guess a more cohesive,coherent discourse by talking about things which are going in a certain direction. I think the image situation improved a lot, but we are getting all of the slides that we are being presented, they are just like three ideas, you know, three general ideas, three general things. I think we can vary the concept a bit more, right? We can tell the AI, okay, you can talk about three or maybe between three and five things, you know, just to make the slides more interesting. We can give a bit more freedom to the writer AI, so we need to rewrite the prompt. So it's a bit more like... A bit better, I hope, in that it's going to, we also need to give as a parameter to the AI what's the overall topic that we're discussing, that's really important.Yeah, I think that the, I guess, objective, the objective of what we're trying to accomplish should be a second command line parameter to the system. I want one parameter, which is the topic, and a second parameter, which is what's our objective, so that we think about those two things separately. They should be spelled out in the prompt. This is the topic, this is the objective. And also because we are doing so many slides, we're doing like slide one, slide two, slide three, right? And the process is ongoing. I think it would be nice if we could have, I guess, you know, like a little bit more quality on the prompt. But the prompt cannot be too long because if the prompt is too long, then the inference will increase. Right. So that's one thing. The other thing is I want to use Grok. I want to use Cohere. Cohere is another provider. It is a single word. Cohere. And yeah, as for the issue of the, so I just want to change the least amount of files I can. I haven't tested yet the other code for the generating the, you know, the reports and the slide watcher. I haven't, I haven't like tested that, but. I just want to focus on higher quality slides.think about it, what can we do to increase the quality of the slides given what we know, what can we do, like I know transcribing transcript is messy, right, so maybe there is some kind of a way to like you know, cut down the things when the topic changes, we want to like change the slide, but I don't want to make it too complicated. I mean, I know we can do vectors and stuff, but I don't want to do that yet. So, yeah, I just want to improve the quality, improve the, I guess, I guess there is another issue and it is that the, you know, all the text is coming in, it's coming in very quickly, right? So my problem is become performance. And I noticed that on the presenter API, I'm getting a lot of requests. I guess that currently we are like polling. I'm going to assume we are like polling the server all the time. I'm not sure I'm in favor of that, but I don't know if we can use server-side events or if we can use WebSockets. To notify about the changes as soon as they happen in real time without polling. I'm kind of worried that maybe we can get like disconnected. So I would like to have some kind of polling, notpolling but like WebSocket client with reconnection. Now if the server-side event or the web polling they're gonna force the system that is gonna require HTTPS I don't know if this is the case, but if this is the case, that would be unfortunate. But in that case, I will need an extra document explaining HTTPS. If we can get away with only HTTP, then I will appreciate if we can keep the simplicity of the system for HTTP only. So that's one part of it. Now on the issue of the presenter, I think that we're doing a good job at everything. But if you're going to make changes to the system, let's try to keep the user interface. Whatever you know like the CSS I think it should be its own separate file like I don't want to be looking at you know CSS content when I'm looking at the code I just want to look and think about the code without having to to worry about that so in this this presenter PUI where we have this injected style in line 40 I will appreciate that if we can move that to its own file I mean and also we have some JavaScript going on here which is the currentpolling JavaScript and I think for minimalism it's good I like it because it's simple it solves the problem but like I mean I think we need WebSocket maybe I can learn a little bit from your code base if we implement a minimalistic but like properly functioning WebSockets client for keeping track of all the real-time stuff that would be nice very nice and yeah I think that I'm thinking whether or not we should implement the feature so that we can go back to the previous slide I'm assuming not, but maybe that could be in the future. So we can make a file called future features where we say, okay, we want vectors for topic change detection, right? And I want to have another thing called like maybe...Yeah, like a future idea, right? And then I also need to work a little bit more like on the branding. These slides look great. They're blue. They have black background. They're amazing. But I need like a little toggle to turn them into white and black because maybe sometimes... If it's too dark, the monitor on the video beam, it will not be visible, right? So I want to have like a toggle or maybe like a, you know, command line parameter on the URL. Like, is it dark or is it light mode? And yeah, I think you need that because I want to support both styles. So maybe we need two CSS files, I don't know. But the key idea here is that we want to support two different styles, because sometimes it's dark, sometimes it's white. I saw some dark logos that were not presenting properly, so that's kind of like the reason for that. Most of the Wikipedia I think is presented, or it is designed to be presented on a white background, so that's important. And like in the original design of the system, we had spoken about using other APIs like the Unsplash API that's spelled U-N-S-P-L-A-S-H dot com. I don't know if they have an API, if it's free, if it's easy to use, but like I would like an extra module to support that. And yeah, so those are some of the ideas. So far, I'm very happy with the progress.I'm saving everything in Git, so if the new version doesn't work, it's not a big deal. I can come back to this version. But yeah, we want to improve it. Essentially, the main objective in this sprint, if you want to call it that, is to focus on the... I'm going to call it... The quality of the slides. We're going to add more time, we're going to add overlap, we're going to add more context, we're going to add objective, we're going to add the other thing, the topic, and I think that's going to improve the... We also need to work on the prompt. To improve the quality of it and to improve the performance. What I want to do is to have Coher as the model and a shorter prompt that somehow encapsulates all the ideas, but it's also shorter, so it will take less time to do inference. Thanks.