Hi. So anyway... Here is what I'm trying to do to essentially solve a problem. It's like I want to talk and I want images to show up on the screen real time, okay? So suppose that we have like, let's say,Let's say I'm talking a sentence, right? So I think what I want is the... Each sentence that I say, we try to represent it as an image. And the way I want to do that is by just talking. Right? So suppose you're talking, right? And then every time you say like one or two sentences, the sentences get transcribed in real time.So the sentences, they have been, so we have a piece of software that can, you know, I guess, produce via STD out some transcription text. So we want to read the standard output of this transcription text using, of course, the standard input of the next process. So we read the standard input, which is going to be coming from this transcription thing that already exists. We already have that. And then every time a line or like a couple lines take place, every time there is like, I guess,I guess every three lines, what we want to do is that we want to send it to the large language model request. So we have the large language model request somewhere here. The idea is basically to Um, to make a request to the Wikipedia API.and then to create like a small, you know, like a very minimalistic, like a five line HTML that is looking from 1997. So I need you to create a prompt that tells the AI the following thing. This is what the lecture is selling right now. I need to make a lecture, a slide on the fly. The general topic is, you know, dollar sign topic. And that should be like a parameter of the system. I need to go execute this Wikipedia queries and then show the information on the screen in real time. I'm going to show, so like we're gonna have some HTML page that is displaying the, we're going to show some HTML page that is displaying some information. So like essentially on the left, H1, and then three bullet points with the text. On the right, we're going to have an image. We're going to have no CSS, zero CSS. Basic HTML, you know, the most basic one, okay? And then what's going to happen next is that I'm going to...I'm going to just, as I'm talking, I want the slides to come up, right? So the idea here, I guess, is that I'm talking. Every three lines, this data is sent to large language model. Large language model will produce a small HTML. And this is going to connect with the Wikipedia API. And then we're going to just show the information on the screen. So I need the LLM model to create a Wikipedia query. And then take the Wikipedia query and then give the information on the screen. And then once we give the information on the screen, then I need the information. So it's going to save some HTML file on disk. And the file we're going to save is going to be called current slide.html. Okay. So the current slide.html file is just a file that we write every time we process. We make the HTTP request. We go get the slides. I need another small program which is just like a Python Flask presenter software that is going to present whatever is on the slide. It is going to present it. It's going to inject some. It's going to take every slide.It's going to figure out if there is new data on the system, on the HTML file, and it's going to present it. Every time we present it, we're going to have to present some images. And it's just going to show the HTML. Now, we asked the AI to write no HTML. So for this particular component, which is a Python Flask API running on port 5001, what I need is that I actually inject a little bit of CSS to whatever is being rendered. We're going to render the content of the file, but we're also going to render like the, of course, a nice looking HTML. So we're just going to have a bunch of CSS that makes the H1 look nice, that makes the bullet point look nice, put the images on the right, put the stuff on the left, like a simple layout, you know, for educational purposes. Maybe some logo on the bottom right hand side or whatever, like H1 or maybe sources, you know, where it's coming from the data, right? But the main idea here is that we are presenting data as quickly as possible and the LLM is going to run in almost in real time. The game data from Wikipedia is going to run in almost real time and the transcription is going to be almost real time. So here, this one second timeout is going to suck, so we need maybe every 500 milliseconds to go refresh the page constantly.so that we can show the data nicely on the screen. I don't know how that's going to work out in terms of images. If there is no image, then there's no image. But yeah, that's kind of what I want to do. And I hope this is going to be helpful for people. We're going to teach people a lot of things using the system. It's going to be fun for the teacher. They're going to be able to talk. This could be fun for the students because they're going to get, like, instead of getting, like, 20 slides, they're going to get, like, 200 slides. So yeah, that's the system. Thanks in advance.Oh, yeah, Python, please. Python for everything.
